Documentation improvements (#38)
fauna/fauna-js: README.md

## Setting up this Repo

1. Clone the repository; e.g. `gh repo clone fauna/fauna-js` if you use the GitHub CLI

> 2. Install dependencies via `yarn add`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install dependencies via `yarn install`
```

# Learning how to use the FQL X Driver

> You can familiarize yourself with the driver by completing the exercises included in this [demo repo](https://github.com/fauna/fauna-js-demo). Additionally, the **Getting Started With the Driver** section of this README provides driver documentation, and the driver code itself is heavily documented. In formation about Fauna service and the v10 API is available in the [FQL X alpha documentation](https://deploy-preview-1220--fauna-docs.netlify.app/fqlx/alpha/). So, feel free to proceed as works bests for you! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can familiarize yourself with the driver by completing the exercises included in the demo directory of this repo. Additionally, the **Getting Started With the Driver** section of this README provides driver documentation, and the driver code itself is heavily documented. Information about Fauna service and the v10 API is available in the [FQL X alpha documentation](https://deploy-preview-1220--fauna-docs.netlify.app/fqlx/alpha/). So, feel free to proceed as works bests for you! 
```
